hey honored before humility honor before
humility
I wanna say thank you to the basketball
team to come from a laughingstock of a
teen that was won in nineteen know
people making fun of us to basically the
pride of the school within a few months
as attested to as a testament to them in
their work ethic they embraced hard work
they embrace dedication I want to thank
them for this season these kids embody
whatever is good in high school
athletics it showed that they don't know
how to quit regardless in the
circumstance for them as a coach I am
beyond blessed that such a wonderful
group of kids group of men I want to
thank them and I won't let them know is
this like it's been more of a gift than
anything else hasn't been a jobs been a
gift that they've given me I don't think
what I've been their leader all right
team I want you to know that I love you
guys and I'm tough on you guys but it's
because I want you to be better I want
you to be with content with being okay
and I don't want you to think that you
can ever rest because ultimately the
game of basketball is going to stop and
we want you to be a great young man and
then one day and husbands and dad and we
want you guys to we don't want you to
stop the money as soon as you stop and
slow down this one stuff passes you up
just like practice and just like game
and competition you you got to compete
you got to go out and you got to fight
you got to give it your all and as soon
as you take a playoff for a day off is
when you realize that you've gotten
behind them so we want you guys and I
want you guys to to know that I love you
and I was hard on you because I just
want you to be the best people the best
person you can be individually as a
basketball player as a student as a man
and as you in this journey at basketball
and get on into life we want you to take
what you learned here the principles you
learned here and take them in to life
with integrity and decision-making and
all of that
whatever we taught you here we want you
to take their own a lot great bunch of
kids and not to mention any names but I
believe all ten will do well and I think
we prepare them for that next phase in
life and the end of the day all we ask
them is to compete on the court and then
when you get out to Lions just to
compete in life and keep after it and be
aggressive to pursue your dreams and
your goals August 19th 2004 I left
August 19
in 2008 that kid with that dream became
the youngest Olympic champion in the
history of the United States on earth
yes the bigger the dream
the greater the sacrifice maybe the
dream that greater the sucker for the
sacrifice always have to be threatened
if a little for you to achieve bigger
dream sacrifice victory dream sacrifice
iron sharpens iron on three one two
three